add the ability to read from multiple Kafka topics (#131)
ConduitIO/conduit-connector-kafka: README.md

| name                 | description                                                                                                                                                                                                  | required | default value             |
|----------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|---------------------------|
| `servers`            | Servers is a list of Kafka bootstrap servers, which will be used to discover all the servers in a cluster.                                                                                                   | true     |                           |

> | `topic`              | Topic is a comma separated list of Kafka topics from which records will be read, ex: "topic1,topic1".                                                                                                        | true     |                           |

Reviewer: We should include `topics` here and add a mention regarding deprecating the use of `topic`. This connector is currently on 0.7.2. Maybe we could say that will be deprecated by 1.0.

Author: oh sorry forgot about the readme! updated

| name                 | description                                                                                                                                                                                                  | required | default value             |
|----------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|---------------------------|
| `servers`            | Servers is a list of Kafka bootstrap servers, which will be used to discover all the servers in a cluster.                                                                                                   | true     |                           |

> | `topics`             | Topics is a comma separated list of Kafka topics from which records will be read, ex: "topic1,topic1".                                                                                                       | true     |                           |
> | ~~`topic`~~          | **{{will be deprecated by `v1.0`}}** Topic is the Kafka topic to read from.                                                                                                                                  | false    |                           |

Reviewer 2: I'd change the deprecation warning (the field is already deprecated), move it to the end and point the user towards the field they should be using.
```suggestion
| `topics`             | Topics is a comma separated list of Kafka topics from which records will be read, ex: "topic1,topic2".                                                                                                       | true     |                           |
| ~~`topic`~~          | Topic is the Kafka topic to read from. **Deprecated: use `topics` instead.**                                                                                                                                 | false    |                           |
```
